{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff1\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Segoe UI;}}\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd
\pard\li0\ri0\fi0\f1\fs18
{\f1\fs18 Brandley, MC, Young, RL, Warren, DL, Thompson, MB & Wagner, GP 2012, 'Uterine Gene Expression in the Live-Bearing Lizard, Chalcides ocellatus, Reveals Convergence of Squamate Reptile and Mammalian Pregnancy Mechanisms', }{\f1\fs18\i Genome Biology and Evolution}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 4, no. 3, pp. 394-411.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Brykczynska, U, Tzika, AC, Rodriguez, I & Milinkovitch, MC 2013, 'Contrasted Evolution of the Vomeronasal Receptor Repertoires in Mammals and Squamate Reptiles', }{\f1\fs18\i Genome Biology and Evolution}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 5, no. 2, pp. 389-401.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Buchtova, M, Handrigan, GR, Tucker, AS, Lozanoff, S, Town, L, Fu, K, Diewert, VM, Wicking, C & Richman, JM 2008, 'Initiation and patterning of the snake dentition are dependent on Sonic Hedgehog signaling', }{\f1\fs18\i Developmental Biology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 319, no. 1, pp. 132-45.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Campos, PF, Andrade-Silva, D, Zelanis, A, Leme, AFP, Rocha, MMT, Menezes, MC, Serrano, SMT & Junqueira-de-Azeve, IDM 2016, 'Trends in the Evolution of Snake Toxins Underscored by an Integrative Omics Approach to Profile the Venom of the Colubrid Phalotris mertensi', }{\f1\fs18\i Genome Biology and Evolution}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 8, no. 8, pp. 2266-87.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Chang, J, Li, W, Xu, P, Guo, BY & Wang, HL 2019, 'Dose-dependent effects of flufenoxuron on thyroid system of mature female lizards (Eremias argus) and their offspring', }{\f1\fs18\i Science of The Total Environment}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 654, pp. 714-9.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Chong, HP, Tan, KY, Tan, NH & Tan, CH 2019, 'Exploring the diversity and novelty of toxin genes in naja sumatrana, the equatorial spitting cobra from Malaysia through de novo venom-gland transcriptomics', }{\f1\fs18\i Toxins}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 11, no. 2.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Choudhary, B, Ganesh, S & Raman, R 2000, 'Evolutionary conservation of the gene Cvsox9in the lizard, Calotes versicolor, and its expression during gonadal differentiation', }{\f1\fs18\i Development Genes and Evolution}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 210, no. 5, pp. 250-7.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 de Mello, PLH, Hime, PM & Glor, RE 2021, 'Transcriptomic Analysis of Skin Color in Anole Lizards', }{\f1\fs18\i Genome Biology and Evolution}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 13, no. 7.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Della Ragione, F, Comitato, R, Angelini, F, D'Esposito, M & Cardone, A 2005, 'Molecular cloning and characterization of the clock gene period2 in the testis of lizard Podarcis sicula and its expression during seasonal reproductive cycle', }{\f1\fs18\i Gene}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 363, pp. 105-12.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Esbaugh, AJ, Secor, SM & Grosell, M 2015, 'Characterization of carbonic anhydrase XIII in the erythrocytes of the Burmese python, Python molurus bivittatus', }{\f1\fs18\i Comparative Biochemistry and Physiology B-Biochemistry & Molecular Biology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 187, pp. 71-7.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Esposito, T, Caccavo, M, Cianci, A, Cardone, A, Angelini, F & Varriale, B 2007, 'Sequence analysis of retinoic acid receptor \u945?, \u946? and \u947? isoforms in the lizard, Podarcis sicula', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Steroid Biochemistry and Molecular Biology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 104, no. 3-5, pp. 143-53.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Feng, X, Zhou, Y, Liu, M, Gu, X, Wang, Y, Ding, F, Gu, X & Liu, Y 2012, 'The cloning of growth associated protein 43 of Gekko japonicus and its effect on cell morphology', }{\f1\fs18\i Molecular Biology Reports}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 39, no. 7, pp. 7769-75.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Fry, BG, Undheim, EAB, Ali, SA, Jackson, TNW, Debono, J, Scheib, H, Ruder, T, Morgenstern, D, Cadwallader, L, Whitehead, D, Nabuurs, R, van der Weerd, L, Vidal, N, Roelants, K, Hendrikx, I, Gonzalez, SP, Koludarov, I, Jones, A, King, GF, Antunes, A & Sunagar, K 2013, 'Squeezers and Leaf-cutters: Differential Diversification and Degeneration of the Venom System in Toxicoferan Reptiles', }{\f1\fs18\i Molecular & Cellular Proteomics}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 12, no. 7, pp. 1881-99.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Griffith, OW, Brandley, MC, Belov, K & Thompson, MB 2016, 'Reptile Pregnancy Is Underpinned by Complex Changes in Uterine Gene Expression: A Comparative Analysis of the Uterine Transcriptome in Viviparous and Oviparous Lizards', }{\f1\fs18\i Genome Biology and Evolution}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 8, no. 10, pp. 3226-39.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Gust, KA, Chaitankar, V, Ghosh, P, Wilbanks, MS, Chen, XF, Barker, ND, Pham, D, Scanlan, LD, Rawat, A, Talent, LG, Quinn, MJ, Vulpe, CD, Elasri, MO, Johnson, MS, Perkins, EJ & McFarland, CA 2018, 'Multiple environmental stressors induce complex transcriptomic responses indicative of phenotypic outcomes in Western fence lizard', }{\f1\fs18\i Bmc Genomics}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 19, p. 20.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Hernandez-Diaz, N, Leal, F & Ramirez-Pinilla, MP 2021, 'Parallel evolution of placental calcium transfer in the lizard Mabuya and eutherian mammals', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Experimental Biology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 224, no. 6.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Hofmann, EP, Rautsaw, RM, Mason, AJ, Strickland, JL & Parkinson, CL 2021, 'Duvernoy's Gland Transcriptomics of the Plains Black-Headed Snake, Tantilla nigriceps (Squamata, Colubridae): Unearthing the Venom of Small Rear-Fanged Snakes', }{\f1\fs18\i Toxins}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 13, no. 5.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Hofmann, S, Baniya, CB, Stock, M & Podsiadlowski, L 2021, 'De novo Assembly, Annotation, and Analysis of Transcriptome Data of the Ladakh Ground Skink Provide Genetic Information on High-Altitude Adaptation', }{\f1\fs18\i Genes}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 12, no. 9.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Junqueira-de-Azevedo, IDM & Ho, PL 2002, 'A survey of gene expression and diversity in the venom glands of the pitviper snake Bothrops insularis through the generation of expressed sequence tags (ESTs)', }{\f1\fs18\i Gene}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 299, no. 1-2, pp. 279-91.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Liu, Y, Zhou, YL, Qian, YY, Wang, YJ, Ding, F, Gu, XS & Liu, M 2010, 'The noggin2 gene of Gekko japonicus (Gekkonidae) is down-regulated in the spinal cord after tail amputation', }{\f1\fs18\i Genetics and molecular research : GMR}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 9, no. 3, pp. 1606-14.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 McLean, CA, Lutz, A, Rankin, KJ, Stuart-Fox, D & Moussalli, A 2017, 'Revealing the Biochemical and Genetic Basis of Color Variation in a Polymorphic Lizard', }{\f1\fs18\i Molecular biology and evolution}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 34, no. 8, pp. 1924-35.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Riggio, M, Lee, J, Scudiero, R, Parisi, E, Thiele, DJ & Filosa, S 2002, 'High affinity copper transport protein in the lizard Podarcis sicula: molecular cloning, functional characterization and expression in somatic tissues, follicular oocytes and eggs', }{\f1\fs18\i Biochimica Et Biophysica Acta-Gene Structure and Expression}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 1576, no. 1-2, pp. 127-35.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Riggio, M, Scudiero, R, Lee, J, Thiele, DJ, Parisi, E & Filosa, S 2004, 'Metal accumulation and transport in the ovary of the lizard Podarcis sicula', }{\f1\fs18\i Italian Journal of Zoology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 71, no. SUPPL.2, pp. 59-62.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Rupp, SM, Webster, TH, Olney, KC, Hutchins, ED, Kusumi, K & Sayres, MAW 2017, 'Evolution of Dosage Compensation in Anolis carolinensis, a Reptile with XX/XY Chromosomal Sex Determination', }{\f1\fs18\i Genome Biology and Evolution}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 9, no. 1, pp. 231-40.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Simoniello, P, Motta, CM, Scudiero, R, Trinchella, F & Filosa, S 2011, 'Cadmium-induced teratogenicity in lizard embryos: Correlation with metallothionein gene expression', }{\f1\fs18\i Comparative Biochemistry and Physiology C-Toxicology & Pharmacology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 153, no. 1, pp. 119-27.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Storey, KB 1996, 'Metabolic adaptations supporting anoxia tolerance in reptiles: Recent advances', }{\f1\fs18\i Comparative Biochemistry and Physiology B-Biochemistry & Molecular Biology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 113, no. 1, pp. 23-35.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Trinchella, F, Cannetiello, M, Simoniello, P, Filosa, S & Scudiero, R 2010, 'Differential gene expression profiles in embryos of the lizard Podarcis sicula under in ovo exposure to cadmium', }{\f1\fs18\i Comparative Biochemistry and Physiology C-Toxicology & Pharmacology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 151, no. 1, pp. 33-9.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Trinchella, F, Riggio, M, Filosa, S, Volpe, MG, Parisi, E & Scudiero, R 2006, 'Cadmium distribution and metallothionein expression in lizard tissues following acute and chronic cadmium intoxication', }{\f1\fs18\i Comparative Biochemistry and Physiology C-Toxicology & Pharmacology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 144, no. 3, pp. 272-8.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Vicoso, B, Emerson, JJ, Zektser, Y, Mahajan, S & Bachtrog, D 2013, 'Comparative Sex Chromosome Genomics in Snakes: Differentiation, Evolutionary Strata, and Lack of Global Dosage Compensation', }{\f1\fs18\i Plos Biology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 11, no. 8, p. 15.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Wall, CE, Cozza, S, Riquelme, CA, McCombie, WR, Heimiller, JK, Marr, TG & Leinwand, LA 2011, 'Whole transcriptome analysis of the fasting and fed Burmese python heart: insights into extreme physiological cardiac adaptation', }{\f1\fs18\i Physiological Genomics}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 43, no. 2, pp. 69-76.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Wang, YJ, Wang, RL, Jiang, SJ, Zhou, WJ, Liu, Y, Wang, YJ, Gu, Q, Gu, Y, Dong, YY, Liu, M, Gu, XX, Ding, F & Gu, XS 2011, 'Gecko CD59 Is Implicated in Proximodistal Identity during Tail Regeneration', }{\f1\fs18\i Plos One}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 6, no. 3, p. 10.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Wei, ZG, Wu, Q, Ren, LM, Hu, XX, Guo, Y, Warr, GW, Hammarstrom, L, Li, N & Zhao, YF 2009, 'Expression of IgM, IgD, and IgY in a Reptile, Anolis carolinensis', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Immunology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 183, no. 6, pp. 3858-64.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Xu, C, Hutchins, ED, Tokuyama, MA, Wilson-Rawls, J & Kusumi, K 2020, 'Transcriptional analysis of scar-free wound healing during early stages of tail regeneration in the green anole lizard, Anolis carolinensis', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Immunology and Regenerative Medicine}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 7, p. 100025.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }}