{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff1\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Segoe UI;}}\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd
\pard\li0\ri0\fi0\f1\fs18
{\f1\fs18 Ansari, TH, Bertozzi, Miller, RD & Gardner, MG 2015, 'MHC in a monogamous lizard - Characterization of class I MHC genes in the Australian skink Tiliqua rugosa', }{\f1\fs18\i Developmental and Comparative Immunology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 53, no. 2, pp. 320-7.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Benn, AL, McLelland, DJ & Whittaker, AL 2019, 'A Review of Welfare Assessment Methods in Reptiles, and Preliminary Application of the Welfare Quality((R)) Protocol to the Pygmy Blue-Tongue Skink, Tiliqua adelaidensis, Using Animal-Based Measures', }{\f1\fs18\i Animals}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 9, no. 1, p. 22.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Clayton, J & Bull, CM 2015, 'The impact of sheep grazing on burrows for pygmy bluetongue lizards and on burrow digging spiders', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Zoology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 297, no. 1, pp. 44-53.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2016, 'The impact of sheep grazing on the depth of spider burrows and of burrows selected by the pygmy bluetongue lizard (Tiliqua adelaidensis)', }{\f1\fs18\i Wildlife Research}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 43, no. 8, pp. 691-703.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Clayton, J, Gardner, MG, Fenner, AL & Bull, M 2020, 'Co-occupancy of spider-engineered burrows within a grassland community changes temporally', }{\f1\fs18\i Austral Ecology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 45, no. 4, pp. 454-9.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Clive, LFR, Gardner, MG, Clayton, J, Baring, R, Hutchinson, MN, Fenner, A & Bull, CM 2020, 'Population augmentation had no effect on the abundance or body condition of conspecifics and co-occurring lizard species in a native grassland community', }{\f1\fs18\i Austral Ecology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 45, no. 4, pp. 478-87.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Daniell, TL, Baring, R, Hutchinson, MN, Ainsley, P & Gardner, MG 2020, 'Translocation for conservation: Neonates are less suitable than adults', }{\f1\fs18\i Austral Ecology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 45, no. 4, pp. 468-77.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Daniell, TL, Hutchinson, MN, Ainsley, P & Gardner, MG 2020, 'Recognition of reptile predator scent is innate in an endangered lizard species', }{\f1\fs18\i Australian Journal of Zoology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 68, no. 2, pp. 76-84.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Delean, S, Bull, CM, Brook, BW, Heard, LMB & Fordham, DA 2013, 'Using plant distributions to predict the current and future range of a rare lizard', }{\f1\fs18\i Diversity and Distributions}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 19, no. 9, pp. 1125-37.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Derne, BT, Hutchinson, MN, Weinstein, P, Gardner, MG & Halliday, B 2019, 'Parasite in peril? A new species of mite in the genus Ophiomegistus Banks (Parasitiformes: Paramegistidae) on an endangered host, the pygmy bluetongue lizard Tiliqua adelaidensis (Peters) (Squamata: Scincidae)', }{\f1\fs18\i Austral Ecology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 44, no. 3, pp. 420-32.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Ebrahimi, M & Bull, C 2015, 'Behavioural changes in an endangered grassland lizard resulting from simulated agricultural activities', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Arid Environments}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 113, pp. 102-7.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Ebrahimi, M & Bull, CM 2012, 'Food supplementation reduces post-release dispersal during simulated translocation of the Endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard}{\f1\fs18\i  Tiliqua adelaidensis}{\f1\fs18 ', }{\f1\fs18\i Endangered Species Research}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 18, no. 2, pp. 169-78.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2012, 'Lycosid spiders are friends and enemies of the endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard (Tiliqua adelaidensis)', }{\f1\fs18\i Transactions of the Royal Society of South Australia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 136, no. 1, pp. 45-9.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2013, 'Determining the success of varying short-term confinement time during simulated translocations of the endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard (Tiliqua adelaidensis)', }{\f1\fs18\i Amphibia-Reptilia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 34, no. 1, pp. 31-9.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2014, 'Resources and their distribution can influence social behaviour at translocation sites: Lessons from a lizard', }{\f1\fs18\i Applied Animal Behaviour Science}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 156, pp. 94-104.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2014, 'Short-Term Dispersal Response of an Endangered Australian Lizard Varies with Time of Year', }{\f1\fs18\i Plos One}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 9, no. 8, p. 7.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2014, 'Visual conspecific cues will not help in pygmy bluetongue lizard translocations', }{\f1\fs18\i Applied Animal Behaviour Science}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 151, pp. 102-9.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Ebrahimi, M, Ebrahimie, E & Bull, CM 2015, 'Minimizing the cost of translocation failure with decision-tree models that predict species' behavioral response in translocation sites', }{\f1\fs18\i Conservation Biology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 29, no. 4, pp. 1208-16.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Ebrahimi, M, Fenner, AL & Bull, CM 2012, 'Lizard behaviour suggests a new design for artificial burrows', }{\f1\fs18\i Wildlife Research}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 39, no. 4, pp. 295-300.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Ebrahimi, M, Fenner, AL, Bull Michael, C & Godfrey, SS 2015, 'Long and short term residence in refuge burrows by endangered pygmy bluetongue lizards', }{\f1\fs18\i Amphibia Reptilia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 36, no. 2, pp. 119-24.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Ebrahimi, M, Godfrey, SS, Fenner, AL & Bull, CM 2014, 'Mating behaviour in pygmy bluetongue lizards: do females 'attract' male lizards?', }{\f1\fs18\i Australian Journal of Zoology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 62, no. 6, pp. 491-7.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2015, 'Interactions between pygmy bluetongue lizards and co-existing species', }{\f1\fs18\i Transactions of the Royal Society of South Australia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 139, no. 2, pp. 145-51.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2015, 'Monitoring predation behaviour of the pygmy bluetongue lizard to decide when conservation intervention is needed', }{\f1\fs18\i Australian Journal of Zoology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 63, no. 4, pp. 270-4.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2016, 'Scatting behaviour of the pygmy bluetongue lizard', }{\f1\fs18\i Amphibia-Reptilia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 37, no. 2, pp. 207-13.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Fellows, HL, Fenner, AL & Bull, CM 2009, 'Spiders provide important resources for an endangered lizard', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Zoology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 279, no. 2, pp. 156-63.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Fenner, AL & Bull, CM 2007, 'Bothriocroton hydrosauri (Formerly; Aponomma hydrosauri) (Denny, 1843) (Acari : Ixodidae), new parasite record for the endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard, Tiliqua adelaidensis (Scincidae) from Australia', }{\f1\fs18\i Comparative Parasitology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 74, no. 2, pp. 378-9.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2007, 'Short-term impact of grassland fire on the endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Zoology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 272, no. 4, pp. 444-50.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2010, 'The use of scats as social signals in a solitary, endangered scincid lizard, Tiliqua adelaidensis', }{\f1\fs18\i Wildlife Research}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 37, no. 7, pp. 582-7.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2011, 'Central-place territorial defence in a burrow-dwelling skink: aggressive responses to conspecific models in pygmy bluetongue lizards', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Zoology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 283, no. 1, pp. 45-51.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2011, 'Responses of the endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard to conspecific scats', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Ethology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 29, no. 1, pp. 69-77.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Fenner, AL, Bull, CM & Hutchinson, MN 2007, 'Omnivorous diet of the endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard, Tiliqua adelaidensis', }{\f1\fs18\i Amphibia-Reptilia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 28, no. 4, pp. 560-5.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2008, 'Injuries to lizards: conservation implications for the endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard (Tiliqua adelaidensis)', }{\f1\fs18\i Wildlife Research}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 35, no. 2, pp. 158-61.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Fenner, AL, Godfrey, SS & Bull, CM 2011, 'Using social networks to deduce whether residents or dispersers spread parasites in a lizard population', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Animal Ecology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 80, no. 4, pp. 835-43.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Fenner, AL, Smales, LR & Bull, CM 2008, 'Pharyngodon wandillahensis n. sp (Nematoda : pharyngodonidae) from the endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard Tiliqua adelaidensis Peters, 1863 (Sauria : scincidae), South Australia, Australia', }{\f1\fs18\i Comparative Parasitology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 75, no. 1, pp. 69-75.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Fordham, DA, Watts, MJ, Delean, S, Brook, BW, Heard, LM & Bull, CM 2012, 'Managed relocation as an adaptation strategy for mitigating climate change threats to the persistence of an endangered lizard', }{\f1\fs18\i Global Change Biology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 18, no. 9, pp. 2743-55.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Gardner, MG, Godfrey, SS & Wapstra, E 2020, 'Editorial for the Michael Bull special issue', }{\f1\fs18\i Austral Ecology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 45, no. 4, pp. 407-9.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Milne, T & Bull, CM 2000, 'Burrow choice by individuals of different sizes in the endangered pygmy blue tongue lizard Tiliqua adelaidensis', }{\f1\fs18\i Biological Conservation}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 95, no. 3, pp. 295-301.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Milne, T, Bull, CM & Hutchinson, MN 2002, 'Characteristics of litters and juvenile dispersal in the endangered Australian skink Tiliqua adelaidensis', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Herpetology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 36, no. 1, pp. 110-2.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2003, 'Fitness of the Endangered Pygmy Blue Tongue Lizard Tiliqua adelaidensis in Artificial Burrows', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Herpetology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 37, no. 4, pp. 762-5.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2003, 'Use of burrows by the endangered pygmy blue-tongue lizard, Tiliqua adelaidensis (Scincidae)', }{\f1\fs18\i Wildlife Research}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 30, no. 5, pp. 523-8.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Nielsen, TP & Bull, CM 2016, 'Impact of foxes digging for the pygmy bluetongue lizard (Tiliqua adelaidensis)', }{\f1\fs18\i Transactions of the Royal Society of South Australia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 140, no. 2, pp. 228-33.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2016, 'Winter durability of pygmy bluetongue lizard burrows is higher for occupied than for unoccupied burrows and for those in less-grazed neighbourhoods', }{\f1\fs18\i Wildlife Research}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 43, no. 8, pp. 634-9.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2017, 'The impact of sheep grazing on the fecundity and timing of reproduction in the endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard, Tiliqua adelaidensis', }{\f1\fs18\i Amphibia-Reptilia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 38, no. 4, pp. 401-9.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2020, 'Effects of grazing regime on the relative body mass of the endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard (Tiliqua adelaidensis)', }{\f1\fs18\i Austral Ecology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 45, no. 4, pp. 460-7.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Nielsen, TP, Ebrahimi, M & Bull, CM 2016, 'A thirsty little lizard: drinking by the pygmy bluetongue lizard', }{\f1\fs18\i Transactions of the Royal Society of South Australia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 140, no. 1, pp. 1-6.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Nielsen, TP, Fildes, S & Bull, CM 2017, 'Does sheep grazing affect burrow choice of the pygmy bluetongue lizard (Tiliqua adelaidensis)?', }{\f1\fs18\i Journal of Arid Environments}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 142, pp. 22-30.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Nielsen, TP, Jackson, G & Bull, CM 2016, 'A nose for lizards; can a detection dog locate the endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard (Tiliqua adelaidensis)?', }{\f1\fs18\i Transactions of the Royal Society of South Australia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 140, no. 2, pp. 234-43.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Pelgrim, K, Fenner, AL, Schofield, JA & Bull, CM 2014, 'Dynamics of a temperate grassland reptile community in the mid-north of South Australia', }{\f1\fs18\i Transactions of the Royal Society of South Australia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 138, no. 2, pp. 257-66.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Pettigrew, M & Bull, CM 2011, 'The impact of heavy grazing on burrow choice in the pygmy bluetongue lizard, Tiliqua adelaidensis', }{\f1\fs18\i Wildlife Research}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 38, no. 4, pp. 299-306.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2012, 'The response of pygmy bluetongue lizards to simulated grazing in the field during three drought years', }{\f1\fs18\i Wildlife Research}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 39, no. 6, pp. 540-5.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2014, 'Prey capture behaviour by pygmy bluetongue lizards with simulated grazing', }{\f1\fs18\i New Zealand Journal of Ecology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 38, no. 1, pp. 45-52.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Schofield, JA, Fenner, AL, Pelgrim, K & Bull, CM 2012, 'Male-biased movement in pygmy bluetongue lizards: implications for conservation', }{\f1\fs18\i Wildlife Research}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 39, no. 8, pp. 677-84.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Schofield, JA, Gardner, MG, Fenner, AL & Bull, CM 2014, 'Promiscuous mating in the endangered Australian lizard Tiliqua adelaidensis: a potential windfall for its conservation', }{\f1\fs18\i Conservation Genetics}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 15, no. 1, pp. 177-85.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Shamiminoori, L & Bull, CM 2016, 'Can we use head scale symmetry in endangered pygmy bluetongue lizards (Tiliqua adelaidensis) to alert managers to population condition?', }{\f1\fs18\i Herpetological Conservation and Biology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 11, no. 1, pp. 188-98.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 \u8212?\u8212? 2016, 'Ontogenetic changes in head scale symmetry in the pygmy bluetongue lizard', }{\f1\fs18\i Transactions of the Royal Society of South Australia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 140, no. 1, pp. 7-16.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Shamiminoori, L, Fenner, AL & Bull, CM 2014, 'Weight watching in burrows: variation in body condition in pygmy bluetongue lizards', }{\f1\fs18\i Australian Journal of Zoology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 62, no. 4, pp. 284-93.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Shamiminoori, L, Fenner, AL, Schofield, JA & Bull, CM 2015, 'Variation in size and condition of neonate pygmy bluetongue lizards, Tiliqua adelaidensis', }{\f1\fs18\i Transactions of the Royal Society of South Australia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 139, no. 2, pp. 131-44.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Sharp, A, Schofield, JA & Fenner, AL 2010, 'The effects of cell grazing on the longevity of spider burrows, and the potential consequences for the endangered Pygmy Bluetongue Lizard', }{\f1\fs18\i Ecological Management and Restoration}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 11, no. 1, pp. 69-72.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Smith, AL, Fenner, AL, Bull, CM & Gardner, MG 2009, 'Genotypes and nematode infestations in an endangered lizard, Tiliqua adelaidensis', }{\f1\fs18\i Applied Herpetology}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 6, no. 3, pp. 300-5.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Smith, AL, Gardner, MG, Fenner, AL & Bull, CM 2009, 'Restricted gene flow in the endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard (Tiliqua adelaidensis) in a fragmented agricultural landscape', }{\f1\fs18\i Wildlife Research}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 36, no. 6, pp. 466-78.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Souter, NJ, Bull, CM & Hutchinson, MN 2004, 'Adding burrows to enhance a population of the endangered pygmy blue tongue lizard, Tiliqua adelaidensis', }{\f1\fs18\i Biological Conservation}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 116, no. 3, pp. 403-8.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Souter, NJ, Bull, CM, Lethbridge, MR & Hutchinson, MN 2007, 'Habitat requirements of the endangered pygmy bluetongue lizard, Tiliqua adelaidensis', }{\f1\fs18\i Biological Conservation}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 135, no. 1, pp. 33-45.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }
{\f1\fs18 Staugas, EJ, Fenner, AL, Ebrahimi, M & Bull, CM 2013, 'Artificial burrows with basal chambers are preferred by pygmy bluetongue lizards, Tiliqua adelaidensis', }{\f1\fs18\i Amphibia-Reptilia}{\f1\fs18 , vol. 34, no. 1, pp. 114-8.\par }
{\f1\fs18 \par }}